I CALL!
READ 'EM AND WEEP!
LOOKS LIKE FINALLY,
THE GAMBLER'S
LOST AT SOMETHING!
NOT QUITE, MON AMI.
I WIN AGAIN, NON?
OHH.
THAT WAS...
WELL PLAYED
IN THERE.
I DOUBT I'VE
EVER SEEN...
A BETTER GAMBLER!
CONGRATULATIONS.
MERCI.
BUT, MY FRIEND,
IF YOU WANT
A TRUE CHALLENGE,
CHECK OUT
THAT ISLAND
ON OUR PORT SIDE.
IT HAPPENS TO BE
THE MOST FAMOUS
DUELING SCHOOL
ON THE PLANET.
HOME OF THE VERY
BEST OF THE BEST.
DUEL ACADEMY?!
WELL...AU REVOIR!
AND JUST WHERE ARE
YOU GOING?
WHERE ELSE?
[THINKING]
FINALLY, J'AI OPPORTUNITY
TO CHALLENGE THE ONLY PERSON
WHO'S GOTTEN THE BEST OF ME!
DUEL ACADEMY, PREPARE
YOURSELVES FOR THE GAMBLER!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Alexis: HI, JADEN...
ALEXIS?
SY SAID YOU'D
BE HERE.
SO WHAT'S UP?
OR AM I
INTERRUPTING?
I MEAN IF
YOU'RE BUSY...
YOU KNOW, I COULD USE
A FRIENDLY FACE, LEX.
HMM.
I JUST THOUGHT IT MIGHT
BE NICE TO TAKE A BREATHER
WITH ALL THIS
"SAVING THE WORLD"
AND SHADOW RIDER STUFF
THAT'S GOING ON.
AH, LISTEN IF YOU
EVER NEED...
SOMEONE TO...
WHAT I'M TRYING
TO SAY IS...
OH, NEVER MIND.
HAS THERE BEEN ANY NEWS
ABOUT PROFESSOR BANNER?
NONE THAT I'VE HEARD...
UNLESS THAT'S HIM NOW!
WOULD YOU PLEASE
CARE TO REPEAT THAT?!
I WANT TO DUEL YOUR
SCHOOL'S BON STUDENT!
ALEXIS RHODES!
AND WHY...
SHOULD WE AGREE?
BECAUSE...HMM.
WHA?!
THE GAMBLER.
WHAT IS THIS?
IT IS MY...
NOM DE VOYAGE, MONSIEUR.
AND I...ALWAYS
GET WHAT I DESIRE!
SO WHERE IS SHE?
AHEM.
LISTEN MY SCHOOL IS NOT
A GAMBLING PARLOR!
I DON'T CARE WHO YOU
ARE ON THE OUTSIDE...
BUT WHEN YOU COME
TO MY ACADEMY,
YOU OBEY MY RULES!
GOT IT?!
MONSIEUR.
EITHER CALL HER,
OR I SWEAR
ON MY HONOUR,
I CAN MAKE THINGS
MOST UNCOMFORTABLE
FOR YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS.
HUH?
Jaden: HEY GUYS WHAT'S THIS?
DORM MEETIN'?!
SHHHH!
CAN'T YOU TELL?
WE'RE TRYIN'
TO SPY IN THERE!
YOU'RE SPYING?
AND ON WHO?
HEY! LEX!
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
UH, LEX?
WELL MON AMI, CALL HER
OR THINGS GO MAL.
I SAID NO.
NOW WALK AWAY,
OR I'LL HAVE YOU
THROWN OUT!
I THINK I DETECT
A BLUFF!
DO YOU?
OUI!
WELL THEN, MAYBE
I'LL SHOW MY HAND!
UGH!
AAH!
OHH!
AAH! AAH! AAH!
HOW DARE YOU!
SHEPPARD,
I AM NOT LEAVING,
UNTIL YOU GET HER!
Jaden: ALEXIS?!
Chumley:
WHAT'S SHE DOING?!
WELL. YOU HAVEN'T
GROWN UP TOO MUCH.
MY...YOU HAVE...
QUIT THE COMPLIMENTS
PIERRE,
YOU'RE HERE BECAUSE
YOU WANT SOMETHING.
PROBABLY WHATEVER
I VALUE MOST.
LIKE THIS SPIRIT KEY.
OR MAYBE MY DUEL DECK?
WELL NO THANKS, YOU DON'T
HAVE ANYTHING THAT I WANT.
OH, BUT YOU KNOW
THAT I DO.
IT BELONGED TO YOU.
BEFORE YOU STOLE IT
FROM ME!
REMEMBER?
STOLE WHAT?
SEARCH ME, SY!
HUH?
YOU KNOW
YOU WANT IT.
AND I KNOW...
THAT YOU...
WILL DUEL FOR IT!
TIME TO SEE IF THIS
GAMBLER'S REALLY THAT GOOD.
OR IF HE'S BLUFFING!
SO WHO IS THIS STIFF?
AND WHY'S HE GOT IT
IN FOR ALEXIS?
SHALL WE, MON CHERE?
BRING IT!
DUEL!
HMM.
POUR COMMENCE,
JE DRAW!
I EVOKE GAMBLE ANGEL BUNNY,
IN ATTACK MODE!
[SCREECHES]
LOOK AT HER!
EASY, SY!
YOU DON'T WANNA GO
AND MAKE
THE DARK MAGICIAN
GIRL JEALOUS
NOW, DO YA?
IS SHE HERE?!
I PLACE A CARD FACEDOWN.
AND THEN, WITH MY
ANGEL BUNNY'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I TOSS A COIN,
AND GUESS HEADS OR TAILS...
IF I CHOOSE CORRECTLY,
YOU LOSE ONE THOUSAND POINTS.
IF I'M WRONG,
I LOSE THE POINTS!
THIS IS HEADS!
THIS IS TAILS!
HMM.
TELL ME, DO YOU
FEEL LUCKY, ALEXIS?
MM.
OHH!
IT'S TAILS!
GUESSED WRONG!
NICE TRY!
THINK I'LL, GO AGAIN!
YOU'LL WHAT?
THAT'S NOT FAIR!
AU CONTRAIRE,
I PLAY THIS!!
IT'S CALLED SECOND COIN TOSS,
AND IT LETS ME TOSS AGAIN!
WHAT'S MORE, I CAN USE
IT ONCE PER TURN
UNTIL IT IS DESTROYED!
OH, NO!
ALEXIS IS IN TROUBLE!
TROUBLE?
SHE'S LIKE
THE STUFFIN'
IN A...BIG
SMACKDOWN SANDWICH!
HMM.
AND I CHOOSE...TAILS!
I WIN!
AND NOW...MY BUNNY'S
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
LOOK AT IT THIS WAY,
CHERE...
YOU FINALLY HIT...
THE JACKPOT!
[SCREECHING]
HUH?
AAH!
[ALL GASP]
[THINKING]
OKAY, ALEXIS...
PULL IT TOGETHER!
POUR MON FINALE, I'LL LAY
DOWN A FACEDOWN CARD.
AND NOW IT'S
MY TURN!
I PLAY CYBER TUTU
IN ATTACK MODE!
HA HA!
CHECK THIS OUT!
IF YOU DON'T HAVE
ANY MONSTERS
WITH LESS ATTACK
POINTS THAN MY
LIL' DANCER HERE,
SHE GETS TO PULL
A PIROUETTE
ON YOUR FACE!
ALRIGHT!
NOW WITH THAT
CYBER TUTU EFFECT,
SHE CAN ATTACK THAT
FRERE JACQUE DIRECTLY!
YOU HEARD JADEN!
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
WITH POUNDING
PIROUETTE!
[YELLING]
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN!
IT ACTIVATES
WHENEVER YOU ATTACK ME!
D'ABORD, I TOSS MY
PRETTY COIN INTO THE AIR.
AND IF I GUESS CORRECTLY,
YOUR DAMAGE GOES TO ZERO!
I CHOOSE HEADS!
HEY, IT'S TAILS!
THIS TIME.
JADEN, VOUS AV'Z RAIS'N!
YOU ARE CORRECT!
AND NOW
MON SECOND COIN TOSS.
REMEMBER, I GET TO FLIP
MY COIN AGAIN!
HEADS!
OHH.
I'LL PLACE
A FACEDOWN...
AND END MY TURN.
AND I SHALL NOW
END THIS DUEL!
HMM.
[ALL SIGH]
YOU HAVEN'T CHANGED!
HAVE YOU?
YOU WATCH YOUR TONGUE!
I LOOK AT YOU,
AND I SEE THE SAME
SCARED BOY
FROM SCHOOL!
WHAT? I'M NOT SCARED,
I AM A WINNER!
REMEMBER?
I NEVER LOST A GAME
IN SCHOOL!
EXCEPT TO YOU!
HARD FEELINGS!
JADEN...JUST WHAT
DID HAPPEN? HUH?
DON'T KNOW.
YOU GUYS?!
CARE TO FILL IN
THE PEANUT GALLERY HERE?!
WITH PLEASURE...
IT STARTED...
WHEN WE WERE
BOTH REALLY YOUNG.
YOU WERE THE NEW STUDENT.
NO FRIENDS, NO CLUE...
JUST A CUTE SMILE.
BUT WE ALL PITCHED IN
AND MADE YOU FEEL WELCOME.
WE WERE YOUR NEW FAMILY.
AND HOW DID YOU TREAT ALL
YOUR NEW BROTHERS AND SISTERS?
YOU RIPPED US OFF ONE BY ONE!
I JUST LOVE
YOUR SCARF!
THANKS, IT WAS
MY MOTHER'S...
Boy: I WON!
I BEAT YOU!
LOOKS LIKE, I GET
YOUR LIL' CAR!
OUI...SO, DOUBLE
OR NOTHING'?
YOU JUST HAD SO MUCH MONEY
AND SO MANY TOYS
THAT YOU'D KEEP GAMBLING
AND GAMBLING AND GAMBLING
UNTIL THEY FINALLY LOST!
YOU ENDED UP TAKING
EVERYTHING FROM EVERYBODY!
AND I WASN'T GONNA LET
YOU GET AWAY WITH IT!
ALRIGHT, PIERRE!
GIVE THOSE
THINGS BACK!
WELL, ONLY IF YOU
BEAT ME!
BUT YOU HAVE TO WAGER....
LA SCARF DE MAMA!
FINE! YOU'RE ON,
IN DUEL MONSTERS!
WHAT?
HMM. I WIN AGAIN!
ERR! YOU CHEAT!
JUS' KNOW
HOW TO PLAY.
BE HAPPY
TO TEACH YOU.
YOU CAN'T LEAVE!
BEFORE, I TAKE THIS!
SO WHO IS
THE LOSER NOW?!
HA HA HA!
YOU STOLE IT.
A GIFT MY MOM GAVE ME,
HER FAVORITE SCARF.
YOU KNOW WHY?
I'LL TELL YOU!
CUZ YOU'RE
NOT A GAMBLER,
YOU'RE A THIEF!
AND LIKE ALL CROOKS,
YOU'RE GOIN' DOWN!
HA! TRES BON.
OF COURSE, YOUR
SCARF'S BECOME...
MY FAVORITE
LUCKY CHARM!
REALLY?
WELL, NOT FOR LONG!
NO MATTER,
TO BEAT YOU...
I DON'T...NEED LUCK!
EN GARDE, I PAY
500 LIFE POINTS
TO KEEP MY FAIRY BOX!
AND NEXT, I ACTIVATE
MY BUNNY'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
OHH. NOT AGAIN!
ONE MORE FLIP,
AND SHE COULD LOSE
ONE THOUSAND
LIFE POINTS!
HEADS!
ENCORE...
TAILS!
JE SUI CORRECT!
ERR!
AND NOW, I SUMMON
HER CUTE TWIN!
A SECOND ANGEL BUNNY,
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW ATTACK
THAT CYBER-TUTU!
[THINKING]
HE'S NOT USING HER
SPECIAL ABILITY...
NOT SO FAST!
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN!
CHECK IT OUT!
DOBLE PASSE SENDS
ALL THAT DAMAGE
TO ME INSTEAD!
AND NOW YOU TAKE
DAMAGE THAT'S EQUAL
TO CYBER TUTU'S
ATTACK POINTS!
SO HOW DO YOU
LIKE THAT?
NON!
AAH!
[GROANING]
GO...GET HIM!
HYAH!
[GRUNTS]
I AM FAR
FROM FINISHED!
MY OTHER BUNNY ATTACKS
YOUR DANCING DOLL!
HYAH! AAH!
LA TOURNAMENT
EST FINI, CHERE.
YOU'RE MINE NOW!
IT COMES DOWN...
TO THIS!
FIRST I'LL LAY DOWN
A FACEDOWN...
NEXT...I'LL PLAY...
MY SPELL CARD SCAPEGOAT!
THIS CARD
LETS ME SUMMON:
FOUR SHEEP TOKENS
IN DEFENSE!
TRY'N TOP THAT!
LOOKS LIKE LEX FINALLY
GOT SOME DEFENSE!
YOU'RE ONLY EXTENDING
YOUR PAIN, MON CHERI...
AND NOT EVEN BY THAT LONG.
NOW LET'S...DANCE!
500 POINTS MAINTAIN
MY FAIRY BOX.
AND NOW I'LL SUMMON
SAND GAMBLER IN ATTACK MODE!
HE BRINGS
A JE NE SAIS QUOI.
SEE, I GET
TO TOSS THIS COIN,
AND IF IT
COMES UP HEADS...
THREE TIMES IN A ROW,
ALL YOUR MONSTERS ARE FINI!
BUT IF I GET TAILS...
MY MONSTERS...
WILL BID YOU
A SWIFT AU REVOIR.
THREE HEADS?
THERE'S NO WAY!
TECHNICALLY, HE COULD...
SHALL WE?
HEADS.
AND IF I GET TWO MORE,
YOUR BEASTS GO BYE!
ERR. JUST FLIP!
AH.
OHH!
TAILS.
HOLD ON!
DON'T YOU FORGET MY CARD?
WITH SECOND COIN TOSS...
I NOW GET TO FLIP AGAIN!
IT'S HEADS!
THAT MAKES TWO...
THIRD'S A CHARM!
WHO'S THE LUCKY ONE?
IT'S NOT LEX!
NO WAY!
UH, YES WAY!
SAND GAMBLER
DO YOUR THING!
DESTROY ALL HER MONSTERS!
I LOVE IT WHEN
A PLAN COMES TOGETHER!
LOOK AT ME!
I'M UNBEATABLE!
[THINKING]
WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT!
I REVEAL, MY FACEDOWN:
HALLOWED LIFE BARRIER!
IF I DISCARD
JUST ONE CARD,
ALL DAMAGE I TAKE
GOES TO ZERO
FOR THIS TURN!
SA-WEET! NOW THAT'S
THE, ALEXIS I KNOW!
HA! LUCKY MOVE.
ALL FOR NAUGHT!
WE'LL SEE
'BOUT THAT! HA!
[THINKING]
I TRIED TO BE YOUR
FRIEND, PIERRE.
I TRIED TO TEACH YOU
THE GAME THAT I LOVED!
BUT YOU JUST USED
IT TO BE A THIEF!
WELL, NOW YOU'RE
ABOUT TO GET
A LESSON
THAT'S LONG OVERDUE!
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD:
THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE!
I GET TO CALL UP
ONE WARRIOR MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
WELCOME BACK...
CYBER TUTU
IN ATTACK MODE!
THAT'S NOT ALL!
I ACTIVATE:
THE SPELL CARD,
PRIMA LIGHT
AND SACRIFICE
TUTU...
SO I CAN SUMMON
CYBER PRIMA
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND WHEN
SHE'S SUMMONED,
HER SPECIAL ABILITY
DESTROYS
EVERY SPELL CARD,
ON THE FIELD!
OHH!
AND WITH ONLY
YOUR SAND GAMBLER
HANGING AROUND
TO DEFEND YOU,
IF I DECIDE TO
ATTACK YOU...
WELL, THEN...
IT'LL FINALLY BE
MY TURN...
TO SAY "AU REVOIR!"
EXCUSE!
I HAVE MY TRAP CARD!
OR DID YOU FORGET?
IF I CHOOSE
MY COIN TOSS RIGHT
ONE MORE TIME...
YOU DO NO DAMAGE
AND MY GAMBLER DESTROYS YOU!
IT COMES TO THIS.
A SINGLE COIN TOSS.
CUZ AFTER ALL...
YOUR SECOND
COIN TOSS
WAS DESTROYED!!
I WAS WONDERING WHY
YOU DIDN'T USE
YOUR SECOND
ANGEL BUNNY'S
COIN TOSS
SPECIAL ABILITY.
THEN I GOT IT.
IT WAS CLEAR!
YOU...
COULDN'T RISK IT.
WITHOUT YOUR
SECOND COIN TOSS,
YOU'D HAVE LOST
EVERY TIME!
DON'T SAY THAT!
YOU'RE NOT A WINNER.
PIERRE, YOU'RE NOT,
EVEN A GAMBLER!
YOU'RE JUST A SCARED
KID BACK IN SCHOOL.
SACRE BLEU...
CYBER PRIMA,
ATTACK HIS GAMBLER!
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO ONE COIN TOSS!
TAILS...PLEASE!
SORRY!
PLAY TOO MUCH,
AND THE HOUSE
WILL WIN!
OHH!
NOW FINISH HIM OFF!
[GROANING]
HA! NICE JOB, LEX!
YEAH!
WAY TO PLAY!
THAT WAS LISHUS!
I DON'T CARE!
YOU JUST GOT LUCKY!
FEMME FATALE...
PIERRE, I BEAT YOU
BECAUSE I DON'T
BELIEVE IN LUCK!
I WORK HARD,
AND I PLAY
EVEN HARDER.
THAT'S WHY I WON.
"LUCK" IS
A LOSER'S EXCUSE.
JE SUIS DESOLE...
I'M SORRY.
THE ONLY REASON
I WANTED TO DUEL...
WAS BECAUSE
I LOVED YOU.
OHH!
I THOUGHT,
IF I WON...
THAT MAYBE YOU
WOULD FALL IN LOVE
WITH ME, ALEXIS.
AW.
[SIGHING]
OH!
AU REVOIR. UNLESS...
YOU WANT TO...
COME WITH ME...
PIERRE!
ALEXIS!
S'IL VOUS PLAIT?
NO!
WELL, THEN, ADIEU.
Jaden:
WOW, THAT'S TOUGH.
Syrus: YEAH!
WELL, LA COEUR
A SES RAISONS,
YA KNOW WHAT
I'M SAYING?
WHA?!
WHATEVS!
YOU PLAYED GREAT,
ALEXIS!
PIERRE!?
YOU TOO!
NOW BON VOYAGE!
HUH? OH.
THAT'S RIGHT!
I KNOW SOME FRENCH.
THAT IS FRENCH, RIGHT?
AH...JADEN'S SUCH
A SIMPLE SOUL.
YES, QUITE SIMPLE.
OR STUPID.
LEAVING?
SAYONARA THEN--
THAT'S FRENCH, TOO RIGHT?